Support for `VK_EXT_frame_boundary` and usage in offscreen swapchain (#1354)
LunarG/gfxreconstruct: USAGE_desktop_Vulkan.md

              Swap the swapchain color space if unsupported by replay device.
              Check if color space is not supported by replay device and
              fallback to VK_COLOR_SPACE_SRGB_NONLINEAR_KHR.
  --offscreen-swapchain-frame-boundary

>               Should only be used with offscreen swapchain.
>               Activate the extension VK_EXT_frame_boundary (always supported if
>               trimming, check for driver support otherwise) and insert command
>               buffer submission with VkFrameBoundaryEXT where vkQueuePresentKHR
>               was called in the original capture.
>               This allows to preserve frames when capturing a replay that uses.
>               offscreen swapchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              Should only be used with offscreen swapchain.
              Activates the extension VK_EXT_frame_boundary (always supported if
              trimming, checks for driver support otherwise) and inserts command
              buffer submission with VkFrameBoundaryEXT where vkQueuePresentKHR
              was called in the original capture.
              This allows preserving frames when capturing a replay that uses
              offscreen swapchain.
```
